.TH BITCOIN-WALLET "1"
.SH NAME
<<<<<<< HEAD:doc/man/Actinium-wallet.1
Actinium-wallet \- manual page for bitcoin-wallet v0.17.99.0
.SH DESCRIPTION
Actinium Actinium\-wallet version v0.17.99.0
.PP
wallet\-tool is an offline tool for creating and interacting with Actinium wallet files.
By default wallet\-tool will act on wallets in the default mainnet wallet directory in the datadir.
To change the target wallet, use the \fB\-datadir\fR, \fB\-wallet\fR and \fB\-testnet\fR/\-regtest arguments.
.SS "Usage:"
.IP
Actinium\-wallet [options] <command>
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\-?
.IP
Print this help message and exit
.HP
\fB\-datadir=\fR<dir>
.IP
Specify data directory
.HP
\fB\-wallet=\fR<wallet\-name>
.IP
Specify wallet name
.PP
Debugging/Testing options:
.HP
\fB\-debug=\fR<category>
.IP
Output debugging information (default: 0).
.HP
\fB\-printtoconsole\fR
.IP
Send trace/debug info to console (default: 1 when no \fB\-debug\fR is true, 0
otherwise.
.PP
Chain selection options:
.HP
\fB\-testnet\fR
.IP
Use the test chain
.PP
Commands:
.IP
create
.IP
Create new wallet file
.IP
info
.IP
Get wallet info
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2009-2019 The Bitcoin Core developers
Copyright (C) 2018-2019 The Actinium Developers

Please contribute if you find Bitcoin Core useful. Visit
<https://bitcoincore.org> for further information about the software.
The source code is available from <https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin>.

This is experimental software.
Distributed under the MIT software license, see the accompanying file COPYING
or <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>

This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit <https://www.openssl.org> and cryptographic software written by
Eric Young and UPnP software written by Thomas Bernard.
=======
bitcoin-wallet \- manual page for bitcoin-wallet

This is a placefolder file. Please follow the instructions in \fIcontrib/devtools/README.md\fR to generate the manual pages after a release.
>>>>>>> ffd5e7a8567d666a2e9233a6a52b0fc8dfe6a035:doc/man/bitcoin-wallet.1
